Welcome to this module and this module will dive into angular universal which is a tool provided by
the angler team basically and strongly built into this Selye which allows you to pre render your angular
application on the fly on the server.
Now why is that interesting.
Here's our recipe book and if we inspect the page source here we see that there actually IS NOT DEAD
much to be found right.
We got a bunch of strip imports some information our head section but then mainly we got nothing.
We got our AB root and that is it.
Now the reason for this is that angular of course is a client side FREYBERG and all our content is rendered
in the browser offered his app has been bootstrapped which is done by Deis script files.
Now there's nothing wrong with that in general but of course the user sees that.
But search engines see that and therefore it might be worth exploring a different way of rendering our
angular EMP and angular a universal is a tool which basically provides a nice bridge from the awesome
as we have with angular in the browser.
This high reactivity to the pre rendering of pages.
So the D.H. team will we get back from the server actually is a pre-rendered snapshot of the page and
once it's Denne runs in the client.
So in the browser it's a single page application again.
So we want to get the best of both worlds and angular a universal can help us with that.